Standing Penalty Ignore Proximity
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Standing penalties now have an ignore_proximity field that takes an
integer value.  When set, the value of this field represents the
proximity from the user's home organizational unit where this penalty
will be ignored for purposes of circulation and holds.  Typical values
for this field would be 0, 1, or 2 when using a standard hierarchy of
Consortium -> System -> Branch -> Sublibrary/Bookmoblie.  A value of 1
would cause the penalty to be ignored at the user's home organization
unit, it's parent and/or immediate child.  A value of 2 should cause
it to be ignored at the above as well as all sibling organizational
units to the user's home.  In all cases, a value of zero causes the
penalty to be ignored at the user's home and to apply at all other
organizational units.  If the value of this field is left unset (or
set to a negative value), the penalty will still take effect
everywhere using the normal organizational unit and depth values.  If
you use a custom hierarchy, you will need to figure out any values
greater than 0 on your own.

The ignore_proximity does not affect where penalties are applied. It
is used when determining whether or not a penalty blocks an activity
at the current organizational unit or the organizational unit that
owns the copy involved in the current transaction.  For instance, if
you set the ignore_proximity to 0 on patron exceeds overdue fines,
then the patron will still be able to place holds on and checkout
copies owned by their home organizational unit at their home
organizational unit.  They will not, however, be able to receive
copies form other organizational units, nor use other organizational
units as a patron.
