marc_export script replacement
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The `/openils/bin/marc_export` script is completely rewritten.  This
new version accepts all of the same command line options as the old
version as well as some new options.

The rewritten `marc_export` talks directly to your Evergreen database
and is a great deal faster than the previous version.  Because the new
script talks directly to the database, it needs to know how to
connect.  To facilitate this, a new option, `--store`, was added that
allows the user to specify one of three Evergreen storage backends to
use when exporting records.  The valid choices are `reporter`,
`cstore`, or `storage`.  The default of `reporter` should work in most
cases, but if you do have a separate reporter database and you know
you want to talk directly to your main production database, then you
will probably want to choose either `cstore` or `storage`.

In addition to the `--store` option, a `--since` option is also added
so that you can specify output of an update file of records changed,
added, and/or deleted since the given date.  The `--since` option uses
a fairly flexible date parser and can accept a wide range of date
formats including ISO 8601, man common date formats such as M/D/Y
(common in the US) or D/Mon/Y (with the first 3 characters or more of
the month spelled out), as well as several less common date formats.
Special date strings such as `yesterday`, `today`, `yesterday week`,
and `today week` are also supported.  For more information see the
VALID DATE FORMATS section of the `Date::Manip::Date` man page.
Available online here:

http://search.cpan.org/~sbeck/Date-Manip-6.42/lib/Date/Manip/Date.pod#VALID_DATE_FORMATS

There is one final difference between the new script and the old
`marc_export`.  The new script does not output progress as it
executes.  Many of the statistics that the script reported are not
readily available to the new script.  It was deemed better to just not
output any progress rather than to output something different from the
old program.  If your scripts parse the output from `marc_export`,
they will need to modified not to expect any.
